Virtual Pet Code review (#1)
StuartCowley/virtual-pet-4: README.md

> This is a readme for the Virtual Pet Project as per the Software Engineer Fasttrack course at Manchester Codes.

Author: Not related to this file but the `.DS_Store` file should not be a part of the PR

> As per the instructions provided on the platform, the pet function has been created allowing the user to create a pet by inputting what they want to name their pet when they call the function. When the function is called, a new pet will be created in the form of an object, with key-values pairs including name, age, hunger, fitness and an array containing any children your pet may have.

Author: Are you familiar with markdown language? At present this is pretty much a wall of text and isnt the friendliest to read!
Have a look at the docs [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).
You should split this up into different sections such as description, features, usage, installation instructions, and future development ideas (The actual content you have in here is very good, it just needs formatting and organising a bit better)

To get started, open node in your terminal and type the following:

> const Pet require('./src/pet');

Author: Code blocks like this should be surrounded by triple backticks:
```
const Pet require('./src/pet');
```
Makes it easier at a glance to see what parts of the doc are code

And then type, for example to create a new pet called "Rex":

> const rex = new Pet('Rex'); //where 'Rex' is your new pet's name

Author: ```suggestion
const rex = new Pet('Rex'); // where 'Rex' is your new pet's name
```

To check Rex's name, age, fitness, or hunger, type the following:

rex.name, rex.age, rex.fitness, rex.hunger, respectively.

By default, Rex's age is 0, his fitness is 10, his hunger is 0 and he has no children, so rex.children will return an empty array. Be aware: Rex will pass away if his age reaches 30, or his fitness falls to 0, or if his hunger reaches 10. The following functions can be called on Rex at any time:

> rex.growUp(); This will increase Rex's age by 1, but will also increase his hunger by 5 and decrease his fitness by 3.

Author: ```
rex.growUp(); // This will increase Rex's age by 1, but will also increase his hunger by 5 and decrease his fitness by 3.
```

> rex.walk(); This will increase Rex's fitness by 4, and be capped at 10.

Author: ```
rex.walk(); // This will increase Rex's fitness by 4, and be capped at 10.
```

> rex.feed(); This will decrease Rex's hunger by 3, and can't fall below 0.

Author: ```
rex.feed(); // This will decrease Rex's hunger by 3, and can't fall below 0.
```

> rex.checkUp(); This will look at Rex's age, fitness and hunger and return a message saying whether Rex needs feeding or walking (or both).

Author: ```
rex.checkUp(); // This will look at Rex's age, fitness and hunger and return a message saying whether Rex needs feeding or walking (or both).
```

> rex.haveBaby('Amy'); This will create a new pet object within rex.children and name it 'Amy', for example, but you can name the child whatever you want.

Author: ```
rex.haveBaby('Amy'); // This will create a new pet object within rex.children and name it 'Amy', for example, but you can name the child whatever you want.
```

> rex.adoptChild(matt); This will push matt into rex.children, meaning Rex has effectively adopted Matt as his child. Make sure that matt has already been created (const matt = new Pet('Matt')) before you do this. You can't push Matt into rex.children if he doesn't exist yet. This is an alternative way of allowing Rex to have a child.

Author: This is too big for an line comment, so should be separated
```
rex.adoptChild(matt);
```
This will push matt into `rex.children`, meaning Rex has effectively adopted Matt as his child. Make sure that matt has already been created (`const matt = new Pet('Matt')`) before you do this. You can't push Matt into `rex.children` if he doesn't exist yet. This is an alternative way of allowing Rex to have a child.

> Remember that Rex's children will be stored in an array, which are "zero-indexed", which means that Rex's first child can be called with rex.children[0], his second with rex.children[1], his third with rex.children[2] and so on. Furthermore, to check the name/age/fitness etc of Rex's children, type for example rex.children[0].name

Author: ```suggestion
Remember that Rex's children will be stored in a zero indexed array, which means that Rex's first child can be called with `rex.children[0]`, his second with `rex.children[1]`, his third with `rex.children[2]` and so on. Furthermore, to check the name/age/fitness etc of Rex's children, type for example `rex.children[0].name`
```

> rex.haveBaby('Amy');

Author: Use backticks to show code formatting:
```
rex.haveBaby('Amy');
```

> rex.children[0].name; //should say 'Amy'

Author: ```
rex.children[0].name; // Should say 'Amy'
```
